hello and welcome thank you for taking
your time to visit our website my name
is Justin Gibbons owner and founder of
SCD custom pergolas since starting in
2007 we have designed and constructed
many unique standard and custom pergola
kits these kids have been shipped and
assembled by customers across the United
States and Canada to view our pergolas
you can go to our home page and click
our products link and select from
pergolas arbors wedding arbors or
accessories on the drop down tab I would
like to take this time to talk about
what it is exactly that separates an SCD
custom pergola from the competition's
SCD offers four distinct types of
pergolas we have the cedar flared but
pergola the classic pergola our custom
arched laminate pergola and Lori Tarata
pacifica or peaceful retreat the cedar
flare but pergola is a very unique and
eye-catching structure whose posts are
actual cedar trees similar to this one
but on a smaller scale on this
particular pergola all the joints are
scribed scribing is the art of joining
two logs together via a seamless round
notch these scribes provide unparalleled
strength to the structure this particle
is perfect addition to any log or
Northwestern home and if your do it
yourselfer this project is right up your
alley with our straightforward labeling
and easy-to-follow instructions this
project will not only be fun it will be
rewarding as well the classic pergola is
a simple yet elegant design crafted from
two by six dimensional lumber Chris the
crisscross design provides ample shade
over your deck patio or yard with the
dado cut joints and straightforward
labeling this kit is simple and fun to
install our arch laminated projects are
some of my personal favorite we have
crafted arches up to 25 feet in length
to accommodate large decks and patio
areas our laminates consists of many
layers of three-eighths inch thick cedar
battens put on our laminating table and
adhered with waterproof weatherproof
adhesive that is guaranteed to last as
long if not longer than the decay
resistant cedar with widgets built each
kit comes complete with instructions and
hardware to fully install laurita brata
pacifica known as peaceful retreat is
our newest model with its custom cut
full 2 inch by nine inch rafters
six by six posts and one by two battens
this pergola will quickly become the
focal point of your backyard experience
as with all of our pergolas you may
choose with what type of wood you would
like your kit to be crafted from choose
from cedar redwood mahogany teak or even
a pre weathered barn wood to add a
rustic look with all of our kits we
offer a full the industry-leading
two-year warranty on all materials and
workmanship so if you ever have a
question or concern about your recently
purchased kit please contact us at your
earliest convenience and remember any
concern of yours is a deep concern of
ours while browsing our site you may
have noticed our ten percent price
guarantee this is our promise to you our
valued customer that we will provide you
with the best price possible so bring us
any verifiable quote and we will gladly
beat it by a margin of ten percent and
be rest assured that with an SCD custom
pergola you are getting the highest
quality product at the best price every
time I hope that this information was
helpful to you and if you have any
questions or comments about not only our
products and services but about just our
business in general feel free to contact
us via our contact page we look forward
to assisting you in the design and
construction of your upcoming project
thank you and have a wonderful day